well I am going to make myself laugh
what happens to the chin
alice 69
brought to two apple centers
turin fc ascam change the logic board and company 600 euros
I turn it on
part
certainly given the effect of nothing will happen
I try to help him
nothing perfect
and he died
night revive
marco went off as a whole
hotel center prices
but no sign of life
we find the second sites antivirus
are sufficient
try to recover
still nothing
to make this technique go crazy in the altar
text
this part ok
acid
miraculously part
according to apple technicians this fr fault of the logic board
now he didn't let him put his position back
the systems
the medicine.
coelho
with
which is turning on
pm you sleep
contacts
you feel the comfort if I baby
I sell strong steels
December 26th
rho absurd
advice we leave
exists
hahaha